New live migration strategy doc (#17883)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v23.2/migration-overview.md

#### Minimal downtime

> If your application can tolerate very little to no downtime, then you should aim for a "live migration" approach. "Live" means that downtime is reduced to either an absolute minimum or zero, such that users do not notice the migration.

Reviewer: ya like that we're killing this.  ain't no such thing as zero in this world

The minimum possible downtime depends on whether you can tolerate inconsistency in the migrated data:

- *Consistent* migrations reduce downtime to an absolute minimum (i.e., from 30 seconds to sub-seconds) while keeping data synchronized between the source database and CockroachDB. **Consistency requires downtime.** In this approach, downtime occurs right before [cutover](#cutover-strategy), as you drain the remaining transactions from the source database to CockroachDB.

> - *Inconsistent* migrations can reduce downtime to zero. These require the most preparation, and typically allow read/write traffic to both databases for at least a small amount of time, thereby sacrificing consistency for availability.{% comment %}You can use the CockroachDB Live Migration Service (MOLT LMS) to run application queries simultaneously on your source database and CockroachDB.{% endcomment %} Without stopping application traffic, you perform an immediate [cutover](#cutover-strategy), while assuming that some writes will not be replicated to CockroachDB. You may want to manually reconcile these data inconsistencies after switching over. This type of migration is rarely performed.

Reviewer: probably for our SMEs to comment on but:

 wonder if we would want to go further and say "this ... is rarely performed, and we don't recommend it" (but like, write it better than that)

Reviewer 2: i wouldn't say rarely performed; my experience is that it's usually performed if there is no easy tooling to do a consistent cutover. +1 on that don't recommend tho.

This method adds a fallback plan to the simple [all-at-once](#all-at-once-no-rollback) cutover.

> In addition to moving data to CockroachDB, data is also replicated from CockroachDB back to the source database in case you need to roll back the migration. Continuous replication is already possible when performing a [live migration](#live-migration) that dual writes to both databases. Otherwise, you will need to ensure that data is replicated in the reverse direction at cutover. The challenge is to find a point at which both the source database and CockroachDB are in sync, so that you can roll back to that point. You should also avoid falling into a circular state where updates continuously travel back and forth between the source database and CockroachDB.

Reviewer: Since we're touching this I also wonder if we should state that final recommendation more strongly and in bold, could be missed when skimming:

 **Avoid falling into a circular state where ... **

The following is a high-level overview of the migration steps. For considerations and details about the pros and cons of this approach, see [Migration Strategy: Lift and Shift]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/migration-strategy-lift-and-shift.md %}).

1. Stop application traffic to your source database. **This begins downtime.**

1. Move data in one of the following ways:

    - {% include {{ page.version.version }}/migration/load-data-import-into.md %}
    - {% include {{ page.version.version }}/migration/load-data-third-party.md %}
    - {% include {{ page.version.version }}/migration/load-data-copy-from.md %}

1. After the data is migrated, you can use [MOLT Verify]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/molt-verify.md %}) to validate the consistency of the data between the source database and CockroachDB.

1. Perform a [cutover](#cutover-strategy) by resuming application traffic, now to CockroachDB.
{% comment %}1. If you want the ability to [roll back](#all-at-once-rollback) the migration, replicate data back to the source database.{% endcomment %}

### Live Migration

> Using this method, downtime is minimized by replicating data between the source and target database before and after the cutover.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Using this method, downtime is minimized by replicating or dual-writing data between the source and target databases before and after the cutover.
```

1. As the data is migrating, you can use [MOLT Verify]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/molt-verify.md %}) to validate the consistency of the data between the source database and CockroachDB.

1. Once nearly all data from your source database has been moved to CockroachDB (for example, with a &lt;1 second delay or &lt;1000 rows), stop application traffic to your source database. **This begins downtime.**

1. Wait for replication to CockroachDB to complete. This typically takes a very short period of time, often less than a few seconds.

1. Perform a [cutover](#cutover-strategy) by resuming application traffic, now to CockroachDB.

To achieve zero downtime with inconsistency:

1. {% include {{ page.version.version }}/migration/load-data-third-party.md %} Select the tool's option to replicate ongoing changes after performing the initial load of data into CockroachDB.

1. As the data is migrating, you can use [MOLT Verify]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/molt-verify.md %}) to validate the consistency of the data between the source database and CockroachDB.

> 1. Once nearly all data from your source database has been moved to CockroachDB (for example, with a &lt;1 second delay or &lt;1000 rows), perform a [cutover](#cutover-strategy) by pointing application traffic to CockroachDB.

Reviewer 2: there is another approach here that doesn't involve replication, which this section seems to suggest.

* pick a database as a source of truth (e.g. PG)
* do an initial load of data
* write to both databases at the same time and "cutover" using a tool like verify to repair inconsistencies and defaulting back to a "source of truth".
* when you're comfortable, swap which database you consider the source of truth. since the swap here is rarely atomic, you can generate inconsistencies when there is no "central" source of truth. (the "atomic swap" is the tooling that's hard to build)
* fix any inconsistencies from the above time interval, and move on.
